- Go. go. go. go!
- Move it. move it!
- Let's go. let's go!
- Come on!
It's a powder keg in there.
No one moves
till we get word from the mayor.
Shoot! Hey.
Hey.
Hey. Little girl.
Stop.
Stop!
Stay down!
What do you want. little one?
Your ass.
Boo!
Well done.
Who...
who are you?
Frank Drebin. Police Squad.
The new version.
Shoot. Um...
My name is
Sergeant Frank Drebin.
Detective Lieutenant. Police Squad.
a special division of the LAPD.
The day after the bank robbery
started like any other.
I woke up in my empty cop apartment.
stared at a picture
of my deceased cop wife
and choked back cop tears.
A perfect morning? Sure.
But I had no idea
what this city had in store for me.
What the hell?
- Hey!
- There he is.
Way to go. Frank!
Thank you. Thanks. everyone.
What is this?
Don't cheer for him!
You two. my office now!
Thanks to you.
I just spent two hours
getting chewed out by the mayor.
Apparently. some of
the bank robbers you put in the ICU.
they're lawyering up to sue the city.
That's ridiculous.
- They're criminals.
- It's the law.
Since when do cops
have to follow the law?
- Since forever.
- Oh. yeah?
And who's going to arrest me?
Other cops?
- Yes.
- Is she serious?
Is he serious?
He's... no.
Look. let me be crystal clear.
They are threatening to shut down
Police Squad because of you.
Honestly. you're lucky
you still work here
after last year's McDonald's incident.
They wouldn't sell me
Freedom Fries.
You arrested the entire staff!
I wasn't
thinking clearly.
I was furious about the
Janet Jackson Super Bowl.
That was 20 years ago!
Not to me.
We understand. Chief.
You're right.
Good.
'Cause I'm taking you
off the bank job.
- What?
- I'm putting you on collisions.
There's a crash up in Malibu.
Yes. ma'am. Thank you.
And make sure your bodycams
are actually turned on!
Got it. Camera will be on.
Drebin!
It's a new day at Police Squad!
Things are changing
so fast around here.
I guess you really
can't fight City Hall. huh?
No. It's a building.
Now. there's a real man.
They just don't make 'em
like your pops anymore.
I'm glad he's not around
to see what Police Squad has come to.
Mind if I take a minute. Ed?
Of... of course.
Hi. Daddy. It's me. Frank Jr.
I want to be just like you. but...
at the same time.
be completely different and original.
So. if you're proud of me.
give me a sign. like...
maybe make me see an owl or something.
Hey. Dad.
It's me. Ed.
Boy. do I miss you.
Hey. Pops.
Mm-mm.
Ed and I pulled up to
the Malibu car crash around 2:00 p.m.
Nothing unusual.
But in this city.
usual is unusual... usually.
What the hell?
So how was your
date last night. Frank?
Ah. I couldn't go through with it.
- You canceled?
- Nope.
I didn't want to upset her.
so I had Officer Barnes
tell her I was stabbed to death.
You're a real romantic. Frank.
But everyone needs someone.
even a widower like you.
I'm just not ready
to open myself to love again.
I had them wait to clear
the wreck so you could get eyes on it.
Crash happened around 4:00 a.m.
Well. there are no skid marks
on the road.
He didn't hit the brakes
before going over.
Drunk?
A little. Just enough to wake me up.
Fancy car.
Yeah. it's one
of those new EdenTech electric ones.
Electric. huh?
I remember when the only things
that were electric were eels. chairs.
and Catherine Zeta-Jones in Chicago.
Empty pill bottles.
Huh.
Who was he?
Simon Davenport. 53 years old.
No wife. no kids.
He's got a sister out in Hancock Park.
but we don't really know anything
about her other than her name.
Beth Davenport.
Divorced. 5'6". 130 pounds.
Spitfire of a personality.
Self-proclaimed chocoholic.
Likes outdoorsy things
but is just as happy
curling up with a good book.
All right. I've seen enough.
Mark it as suicide.
Go ahead!
Bring in the crane!
- Oh. my God. it's up!
- Wait. I got to see what I got!
- Yes. I got it!
- Come on. man!
She can't even sing!
- Lieutenant?
- What's up. Barnes?
Look. I know you're off
the bank job. sir.
but I could really use your advice.
- Go for it.
- Look. it's the strangest thing.
All the thieves had never
met each other
and none of them knew
who they were working for.
Brilliant!
If they don't know anything.
they can't squeal.
Whoever orchestrated
this is very smart.
And get this.
The robbers were told
that they could keep the cash.
Who organizes a bank robbery
and doesn't keep the cash?
They must have been
after something else.
Why don't you bring in
one of the perps?
See if we can get them talking.
Got it. Thank you.
Heads up. Frank. You got a visitor.
I told her to wait outside.
but she just walked in.
You want me to get rid of her?
No.
That's okay. I'll deal with it.
Oh.
Over here. Lieutenant.
I'd sworn off love
after my wife died.
but this woman was
put together in all the right ways.
Face. head. shoulders. knees and toes.
Knees and toes...
and a bottom that would make
any toilet beg for the brown.
Sorry to keep you waiting. ma'am.
How may I help you?
You're wrong about Simon Davenport.
He wouldn't commit suicide.
Simon Davenport.
The stiff from the Malibu crash.
That stiff was my brother.
Oh. I mean...
he wasn't that stiff. really.
Not yet.
More floppy and bloated.
No. I mean.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Please. take a chair.
No. thank you.
I have plenty of chairs at home.
Now. Mrs...
Davenport.
Miss Beth Davenport.
- Mr.?
- Drebin.
Miss...
Detective Frank Drebin.
Detective. I think
someone murdered Simon.
Really? What makes you think that?
Well. he called me last night.
He said he was in
some kind of trouble.
So we made plans to meet this morning.
Does that sound like someone
who's planning to kill themselves?
No. it certainly does not.
Why would someone
do that to him?
Trust me.
there's always a reason
to kill someone.
Did he have an obnoxious laugh?
No.
Forgive me. I'm just not myself.
That's okay. I'm not you. either.
Tell me.
what did your brother do for work?
Computers.
He was a programmer for Richard Cane.
The genius who's gonna
save the world with his electric cars.
Well. he's the first person
you should talk to.
Then you could check Simon's
driving records and see if they match.
Whoa. whoa. Slow down there.
Excuse me?
Let's just leave
the police work to me. okay?
Oh. I see.
Same old story with guys like you.
Guys like me?
Stubborn old men who think
they know what's best.
I understand you're upset.
but this is what I do.
If someone did off your brother.
I'll find him.
I appreciate that. Detective.
But Simon was all I had.
So you'll forgive me
if I don't just sit around
and hope you do your job.
That's exactly what
I expect you to do.
When I have something.
I'll contact you.
I'm doing a series
of book readings this week.
You can find me there.
Book readings?
Yes. I write true-crime novels
based on fictional stories
that I make up.
Yes. well.
you may write about it.
but I live it.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
we're having a birthday party
and I'm the best singer in the office.
On second thought.
I will take that chair.
Whoa.
I couldn't
remember the last time
someone had talked to me like that.
It was the kind of dressing down
you usually have to pay for
in the basement of a laundromat.
But she...
She had the kind of hips
you wanted to put a hula hoop
on and spin.
The kind that made you...
Fellas. do you mind?
I wasn't convinced
Simon Davenport had been murdered.
But the case was starting
to give me an itch.
And when I start to scratch.
I don't stop till I break skin
and the doctor makes me wear mittens.
Thanks.
- Coat check?
- Champagne?
Richard Cane had made
his first fortune in microprocessors.
and then used it to build
a vast online retail marketplace
and green technology empire.
Then. suddenly.
the bear charges towards me.
I ready my knife.
and he barrels right past me
to a honey hive above the campsite!
It had been there all along!
And I hadn't seen it.
Ah. You've arrived.
Lieutenant Drebin.
- Me. too!
- I'm Richar...
Richard Cane.
Please. walk with me.
So. what can you tell me
about Mr. Davenport?
Simon was a brilliant engineer.
and one of our best.
I had no idea
he was so terribly depressed.
Suicide is a dreadful thing.
Possible suicide.
You suspect something foul?
No. A chicken probably
couldn't do this.
But I'm not ruling anything out.
I see.
Was this one of the projects
Simon was working on?
No. what you see here
is a red light therapy machine
proven to increase testosterone.
Did you know that
men's sperm count is at historic lows
- across the board?
- Fascinating.
I've never put my sperm
across a board.
I have an old
Bon Jovi T-shirt for that.
You know. I hope you don't think
it's awkward my saying this.
but I'm actually a big fan of yours.
- Is that so?
- Yes.
I read about your work
at the bank robbery.
Guys like you are a dying breed.
- Guys like me?
- Yes. men of action
who don't ask permission
to fix what they know is broken.
I'm surprised to hear you say that.
coming from someone
who's so into these gadgets.
Oh. You don't enjoy
the marvels of the modern age?
No offense.
but the world was better before.
I agree. but don't tell anyone.
Uh. cigar?
Looks it to me.
No. would you like one?
Smoking indoors?
Care to write me a ticket?
That matchbook.
I've seen it before.
It's the Bengal.
It's a supper club I own
for some of the city's elite.
It's the kind of place where
men can be themselves.
have a few drinks and. uh.
like the Black Eyed Peas once said.
"get retarded in here."
You can still say that word?
In my club. you can.
Well. I love the Black Eyed Peas.
- Who doesn't?
- I know a few people.
- They're fools.
- I know.
- Will.i.am.
- apl.de.ap.
- Taboo.
- Don't forget Fergie.
I would never forget Fergie.
The Dutchess.
Well. if you need anything.
please don't hesitate to call.
Thank you. I'll be in touch.
- Uh. it's that way.
- Of course.
Huh.
Why don't we get Mr. Drebin
a little gift for tomorrow?
The EdenVox-1.
Police Squad's first ever
fully automated. self-driving
electric vehicle.
A gift we just received
from Richard Cane.
You must've made some kind
of impression last night. Frank.
Yeah. it would seem so.
- Coffee?
- Yes. thank you.
Don't be shy. fellas.
Come check it out.
Snug.
All electric.
Zero to sixty in 3.1 seconds.
- I guess that's good.
- Watch this.
Car. open doors.
- Neat trick.
- Now you try.
Car...
please. close doors.
Hey!
Pretty fun. I guess.
Okay. how about this? Car...
drive forward 30 feet.
- Pretty smooth.
- All right.
Impressive.
Hey! Guys?
- Freeze!
- Don't--
I tell you.
this place is falling apart.
I got half a dozen witnesses
that place you on the scene.
We know you were at the bank!
I'm telling you. I wasn't there.
Thanks. Park.
This is quite the rap sheet
you've got here.
It says you served
20 years for "man's laughter."
Must have been quite the joke.
You mean "manslaughter"?
Well...
we know your boss didn't want cash.
So what was the point of the robbery?
What did he want?
I... wasn't... there.
You think you're so smart.
Well. I think my bodycam
might tell a different story.
Ed?
Technology really is something.
Police Squad is all about
"transparency" these days.
Dispatch. this is Drebin. 10-7.
Oh. yeah!
A chili dog.
Mm-hmm!
Breakfast of champions.
And a little black coffee.
Okay. you can fast-forward a bit.
License
and registration. please.
Uh...
This isn't mine.
Excuse me.
Oh. boy. Listen. uh.
you seem like a decent fella.
I'm gonna let you off with a warning.
Have a great day. bye.
It's much later in the day.
Fast-forward a while.
You'll see. Just wait.
I need a bathroom. Oh. God.
Come on. move. move. move!
Focus. Frank. focus.
You got this. you got this.
Maybe a little more.
I'm gonna ruin another suit!
Barnes!
Sorry.
Police business!
Uh. there is a line. man!
Come on!
You're disgusting. you stupid idiot.
Breastfed until you were 13.
you freak.
Can't get it up without
the stench of milk on yo urchin.
Don't you dare.
Don't do it. Don't eat it!
- Oh. God!
- Frank.
I had five more that day.
Feel better. Frank?
You better believe it.
Mm!
Yes!
That's you inside the bank.
plain as day.
Okay. fine.
Whoever we was working for.
they was crazy.
I mean. they just wanted
us to get some safe deposit box.
Safe deposit box.
There. Box 595.
- Ed. check the list.
- Yep.
You're not gonna believe
this one. Frank.
Simon Davenport.
So you're saying.
these two cases...
are one case.
Gentlemen. when you joined me
to launch EdenTech.
it was with one goal.
To save the world.
Together. we've created
technologies to rival the Gods.
Has the world gotten any better?
No. It's only gotten worse.
Now. when the Founding Fathers
created this country.
they sat in a room like this.
filled with men like us.
and birthed an empire.
The USA.
Yes. that's right.
But as years went by.
other people
- wanted to get into that room.
- Fish people.
- What?
Gills on their necks.
- I don't--
- Like mermen and merwomen.
- Mermaids.
- Right.
No. stop. Not fish people.
Ungrateful people.
People that did not earn
their seat at the table.
People not built
like the men in this room.
Crab hands.
They had crab hands
instead of fingers.
Stop! I know what I mean.
So just let me do the talking.
This is a crab-hand person.
- I've met him.
- Put the phone away!
Now. it is time for us to admit
that the path we are on
is not working.
The system's broken.
And what does one do when
a system is malfunctioning?
You unplug it.
And then.
you plug it in again.
I call it the Primordial
Law of Toughness Device.
Now let me show you
what it's capable of.
Last year. we set up cameras
at the local community center.
Decided to run a little experiment.
The question.
What would happen to modern humans
if you reverted their psyche
to an original state of nature?
When activated. the device
sends an audio frequency
that reduces the brain
to its animalistic core.
In this case.
the frequency was limited.
But next time. it will spread
through every smart device
until the entire world is infected.
As for us. upon detonation.
we will decamp
to one of my super bunkers
around the world
where there will be food and water.
and the best live entertainment
the world has to offer.
What's up. evil billionaires?
I am so excited to be doing live shows
for as long as it takes.
in the Doomsday Giggle Bunkeroom
located in Block 4
of the Arizona District.
See you there!
Amish Paradise.
Hmm.
And when the embers have died down.
any survivors left will have earned
their place alongside us.
and we will return to a world
that is but a blank slate
upon which we can rebuild
as the founding fathers of a new Eden.
Gentlemen. lady.
this New Year's Eve. I give you...
Project Inferno!
It turned out that
Cane's nightclub was only half a mile
from where Simon Davenport crashed.
And that got me thinking.
Maybe he had been there
the night he died.
So I hopped
into my new electric cruiser...
...and told it to head to Malibu.
Warning.
Please take the wheel.
Warning. Please take the wheel.
Warning.
Please take the wheel.
Collision detected.
Get out of the road! Move!
- What's wrong with you people?
- Collision detected.
What is this city coming to?
What can I get you?
I was wondering if you could help me.
I'm looking for a friend
who may have been here before.
Nah. I haven't seen him.
- You hardly looked at it.
- I saw enough.
You don't remember me. do you?
Should I?
My brother. you shot him
"in the name of justice."
That can literally be
thousands of people.
Shot him in the back as he ran away.
- Hundreds.
- Unarmed.
- At least 50.
- He was white.
So you're Tony Roiland's brother!
- That's right.
- How is old Tony?
Are you serious?
Bad.
Right.
So. your friend.
maybe I have seen him.
Maybe I haven't.
I can't remember.
- You can't remember. huh?
- Nah.
Well. maybe this'll jog your memory.
Oh!
Ah!
Oof!
Gah!
That's better. Remember now?
Yeah. I remember.
He sat in a corner booth.
He had a drink.
But that's all I know.
Where do they keep
surveillance footage?
In the back.
But even I'm not allowed in there.
Thank you.
And there she was again.
I had to admit. she was beautiful.
She had a body
that carried her head around.
and a butt that seemed to say.
"Hello. I'm a talking butt."
Elegant? Yeah. I'd say so.
Oh!
But like a teenager
with three babysitting jobs.
I didn't need another babysitting job.
Hello. Lieutenant.
What the hell are you doing here?
I'm doing the same thing you are.
I told you I wasn't gonna
sit around and wait.
Listen. this isn't
one of your stories.
Average civilian women
don't suddenly solve crimes.
Oh. you read my book.
What'd you think?
I think it's a fantasy.
A woman puts on a wig and sunglasses
and suddenly she's an assassin?
But did you enjoy it?
It had some good parts.
Ah!
Lieutenant Drebin.
Does he know you're Simon's sister?
- No.
- Good. Let's keep it that way.
What a wonderful surprise.
Fine. thank you.
Beautiful place you've got here.
Can't smell the dead animals at all.
Thank you.
Uh. can I get you a drink?
Just water. And sparkling.
And who is this stunning creature?
I don't believe we've met.
- Well. I'm--
- Uh. th... this is Miss...
Cherry...
Roosevelt...
Fat Bozo Chowing Spaghetti.
- What an interesting name.
- Yes.
Thank you.
So. Lieutenant. what brings you here?
I was hoping you could let me
take a look at your security footage.
Oh. May I ask why?
Go right ahead.
Uh...
Unfortunately. I can't
show you security footage.
Our members trust
that we will provide them
with the highest level of privacy.
I hope you understand.
I'm starting to.
Well. thank you so much for the drink.
It's getting late.
We really must be going.
So soon?
I hope you're not leaving.
too. Miss Spaghetti.
- Oh. well. I--
- Yes. she's leaving. too.
Early morning at Disneyland tomorrow.
She's one of those Disney adults.
Obsessed. really.
Her bed is covered in dolls.
Oh. Miss Spaghetti.
please stay for a drink.
Uh. you don't mind. do you. Drebin?
Be my guest.
Wonderful. I'll get a table.
You get the footage.
I'll keep him occupied.
I'm... Absolutely not!
Oh. thank you.
Wow. This place is amazing.
Ah. Thank you.
Miss Spaghetti. may I speak freely?
I'd prefer English.
You're much too sophisticated...
...for the likes of Frank Drebin.
Oh. I'm not with Drebin.
Oh. Well. that's wonderful news!
Oof!
Cheers.
From Bill Cosby's private estate.
Mm.
Gah! Oof!
That hurt!
Shoot!
Mom. Mom. now is not a good time.
Mom. please. I'll call you back.
I got to go. I got to go.
I got to go now.
So. tell me.
what have you been working on lately?
Oh. let's not talk about work.
Let's talk about play.
Uh. do you like jazz. Miss Spaghetti?
- Like it?
- Hm.
- I love it.
Sir. Um...
We've got a problem.
Not now.
- No. it's quite...
- Not now.
Yes. sir.
This one's for my electric new friend.
Richard Cane.
Wow!
Sassafras Chicken in D.
Make it extra lumpy. boys.
I've always said
fighting is a lot like jazz music.
A scat-like improv
where one lets imagination
take control of their body.
Huh?
Oh...
I'm fine.
Yeah!
There's two things I love.
My stay-at-home girlfriend
- and Gorilla Nut...
- Come on.
...enhanced drink supplement for men.
Don't follow fad diets
and fake workouts.
You want to get ripped?
All you need is Muscle Slime.
Rub it on and--
Well. look at that.
And who are you. my secret
eavesdropping friend?
Douglas O'Reilly.
investigative journalist.
L.A. Chronicle.
Shoot.
It seems Mr. Drebin might be
more of a problem than we thought.
I want you to keep an eye on him.
And make sure he doesn't cause
any more distractions.
Yes. sir.
Davis. This better be good.
He did what?
Get me Drebin this instant!
Ma'am. I'm so sorry.
but you have to listen to me.
There's something deeper
going on here.
You wake up
my husband. I swear to God...
- I'm sorry.
- What the hell
were you thinking. Drebin?
Richard Cane is a very powerful man.
And he makes a lot of hefty
donations to this city.
including the new car you're driving.
Richard Cane is dirty.
He's involved with
the Simon Davenport murder.
And by the way. the bank job. too!
You're still working the bank job?
That's it. You're suspended!
Suspended?
What did I say about waking Ronald?
He has a Fitzgerald presentation
tomorrow.
And if Morimoto doesn't
accept his vertical-integration pitch.
Bill Cantor will leapfrog him
for the third year in a row.
- But Ronald trained Bill.
- Exactly!
I've got no choice.
I'm putting you on ice. Two weeks.
Effective immediately.
Now get out.
We're all
rooting for you. Ronald.
Give 'em hell tomorrow.
Rough night?
Oh. It's you.
Now tell me. What'd you see
on the security footage?
Listen. I feel for you. I really do.
But I had to beat up
a lot of henchmen tonight.
Men with daughters!
Oh. come on. You wouldn't even
have seen it if I didn't help you.
Help me? That's rich.
Now. if you'll excuse me.
I'm tired. I'm hungry.
Goodnight. Miss Davenport.
What if we had
a little dinner. together?
I sure could go for a...
bite.
Slow down. chef.
This turkey burns at 450.
- How hot was I cooking?
- About a thousand.
Turkey needs slow and low.
Unless you like your center pink.
Oh. I love my centers pink.
You're not worried the rare meat
will ruin a good stuffing?
As long as you don't mind
if I get salmonella.
Mind it? I prefer it.
I like a sick little boy.
You're not gonna stop
hounding me. are you?
Not for a second.
Thank you.
Uh... excuse the mess.
I. uh...
haven't had the heart to clean...
...since my wife died.
My condolences. How did she pass?
Great. Fifty yards easy.
Arm like a cannon.
And then she died.
So we'll never know
if she could've gone pro.
She was the sweetest woman
I've ever known.
She sounds like a saint.
Or maybe a Bronco or a 49er.
We would've been happy
with any team. really.
Anyone but the Browns.
That's quite a view you have.
You know. I've been drawn to the hills
ever since I moved here for college.
UCLA?
I see it every day. I live here.
I'm afraid I don't
have much to offer.
Hmm.
However...
All that turkey talk outside
got me in the Thanksgiving mood.
I think I have a full turkey
around here somewhere.
But my oven is filthy.
I don't mind. I like a dirty bird.
Mm-hmm.
You weren't lying.
This oven is disgusting!
It sure was fun to talk
about a dirty bird. but...
it would be unsanitary.
Oops.
Well. hot brine
is the most important part.
It sure is.
- Uh-oh. This is my Buster.
- Oh!
He must've smelled what's going on.
Silly dog. that's not for you.
Ew.
Okay.
Ah.
He's so strong.
Put that down.
How about some nice scratches instead?
Oh.
Yes.
Wow.
I don't like this.
Oh. your hair. May I?
Oh. Yes.
That's better.
Is this crazy?
It's been a long time.
I'm afraid I may have
forgotten how to kiss.
Mmm.
- Mmm.
Oh. wow.
How beautiful.
Lookin' in your eyes
I see a paradise
This world that I found
ls too good to be true
Standin' here beside you
Want so much to give you
This love in my heart
That I'm feeling for you
Let 'em say we're crazy
I don't care about that
Put your hand in my hand
Baby. don't ever look back
Let the world around us
Just fall apart
Baby. we can make it
if we're heart to heart
And we can build
This dream together
Standing strong forever
Nothing's gonna stop us now
And if this world
Runs out of lovers
We'll still have each other
Nothing's gonna stop us
Nothing's gonna stop us now
Whoa. whoa
I'm so glad I found you
I'm not gonna lose you
Whatever it takes
I will stay here with you
Take it to the good times
See it through the bad times
Whatever it takes
ls what I'm gonna do
Let them say we're crazy
What do they know?
Put your arms around me
Baby. don't ever let go
Let the world around us
Just fall apart
Baby. we can make it
if we're heart to heart
Subtitle
www.movieddl.me
And we can build
This dream together
Standing strong forever
Nothing's gonna stop us now
Nothing's gonna stop us
And if this world
Runs out of lovers
We'll still have each other
Nothing's gonna stop us
Now
After a relaxing
weekend away with Beth...
Not again!
...it was time to get back
to the case.
So I called the L.A. Chronicle
news desk
to follow up on Douglas O'Reilly.
but was informed that
he hadn't made it into work.
So I headed to his apartment.
Douglas O'Reilly?
Lieutenant Frank Drebin here.
Police Squad.
Hello?
Anyone home?
Oh. no.
Hey. Douglas. I stepped in
some kind of red liquid!
You got any paper towels?
I'm dragging it all over your place.
Huh.
I picked up your knife for you!
Where do you want it?
Lieutenant Frank Drebin.
I did it.
Okay.
O'Reilly. that you?
O'Reilly?
And that's when it hit me.
Like an idiot's
finished jigsaw puzzle.
I was being framed.
I needed to clean the crime scene.
No body. no crime.
Hiding the body
was no longer an option.
Freeze!
It's not what it looks like!
He's running!
Car. drive.
Thank you. car.
What the...
Car. stop it.
I said stop!
Hello. Drebin.
Mind if I take the wheel?
Cane. What's going on?
I've taken control of the car.
It's a little trick I have
for when I want to fix mistakes.
So that's how Davenport died.
He didn't drive himself
off a cliff. you did.
Now you're getting
somewhere. Detective.
But not before he spilled
your secrets to that reporter.
So you went and killed him. too.
I didn't kill him. Frank. You did.
You're the crazy cop
who stabbed the reporter
and then drove himself into the ocean.
The hell I am.
There's no escape. Drebin.
I'm just a little sad
that you won't be there
to see what I have in store
when the New Year's Eve balls drop.
Oh. well. Have a nice trip.
Ohh.
Hi. Susan.
Move! Move. move!
Bees?
No. No. No!
Move! Out of the way! Move!
What? Open the doors!
You got it!
Frank! Are you okay?
Where are you?
Never mind that.
I know how Simon Davenport was killed.
It was Richard Cane.
He drove him off the cliff.
Well. there's a warrant out
for your arrest.
They're claiming
that you killed a reporter.
- Say it isn't so.
- It ain't so. Ed.
There's another thing. Frank.
The mayor got wind
of this whole mess
- and they're pulling our funding.
- What?
Police Squad is shut down
effective immediately.
This is all because of me.
I'll fix this.
- Do me a favor. Frank. Lay low.
- You got it.
Thank you. Ed.
Excuse me. do you have
a phone I could use?
Thanks.
As soon as I could.
I called Beth to break her the news.
It wasn't easy. but I hoped
it would bring her some peace.
Thanks.
What the hell. man?
Oh. Frank.
Thank you.
- God. you're hurt.
- It's nothing.
Don't be silly. Come in.
This is all I could find.
Might sting a bit.
Go for it.
- It's okay. Keep going.
- Okay.
Cane said he had something big
in store tomorrow for New Year's Eve.
I'm willing to bet it's whatever
Simon was trying to warn us about.
What do you mean. something big?
I don't know.
But people could be in danger.
I see. Frank. I have a confession.
When my brother called me
before he died.
he told me some things
that I haven't told you.
Go on.
He told me he was working
on some kind of therapeutic device.
Something to calm people down.
But he was worried now that someone
could use it to do the opposite.
- Calm people up?
- He didn't say.
He just told me that
if anything were to happen to him.
I needed to do
whatever it took to stop the device.
Those were his last words to me.
So that's why you inserted
yourself into my investigation.
Well. at first.
And that's why you showed up
at the Bengal Club.
Yes.
And that's why you pretended
- to love me.
- No!
Frank...
No. how could you say that?
I can't believe
I opened myself up to love again.
I wrote that whole song about it.
I rented studio space!
Don't go. please.
Frank. please.
Look at me.
What is that?
What?
That.
That's my TiVo
that I lent you yesterday
so that you could watch
season one of Buffy.
So that you could
start getting my references.
I know that. Frank.
And I specifically told you
not to plug it into the internet.
- Oh.
- "Oh?"
That's an Ethernet cord
going from my TiVo
directly into your router.
where the internet comes from!
I was just trying to plug it
into the electricity.
And now they might be expired.
That means gone!
No musical special.
No Xander. No Spike.
No Cordelia Chase.
No Daniel "Oz" Osbourne.
No Willow-meets-her-doppelganger
episode. Nothing!
Sorry. I didn't know they were so--
Frank. we're in the middle
of an important--
Just stand there.
They're gone!
It's okay.
It's just the landline.
I'll get it.
Hello.
It's Ed. I've got something.
Okay.
I'll be right there.
Ed had dug through
the bank footage
and identified a man
who'd slipped out the back.
who also happened to be Cane's
head of security and right-hand man.
If anyone knew Cane's plan.
it would be him.
We needed to get him alone
and put the squeeze on.
But we had to do it
in our own way.
- off the books.
- We're on our way now.
You're not my normal driver.
This isn't my normal car.
That's not my normal gas.
This isn't the normal way
I fall asleep.
Hello. doctor?
He's waking up.
- What day is it?
- January 2nd.
You've been here for three days.
Three days?
What the...
Can you turn that up. please?
That won't be necessary. nurse.
Hello. Mr. Gustafson.
- You!
- Surprised to see me?
Your little plan. it didn't work out.
We stopped it. The good guys won.
Cane's in jail.
And here's the bad news for you.
He's singing.
He told us you killed Simon Davenport
and that reporter.
There's talk you might
get the chair for this.
- You're lying.
- Am I?
- Mm-hmm.
- Then tell me what really happened.
Yeah. right.
Tough guy. huh?
You know what happens
to big pretty boys like you
in San Quentin?
Ooh! They're gonna love you.
What are you talking about?
Oh. yeah.
I've seen it a hundred times.
Massive cutie pie like you?
You'll be very popular.
First day in. probably have
your mugshot go viral online.
The "sexy jail bird."
Congrats. you're famous.
Okay.
Then one day. your new
fan army finds a legal loophole.
and suddenly. you're free!
You're back on the streets!
That's... That's not bad.
Only now.
you've got an image to uphold.
The "sexy jail bird."
Say goodbye to carbs.
Hello. intermittent fasting.
You like ramen?
Well. it's all broth for you. baby!
Not to mention.
there's a new sexy jail bird now.
And he's all about body positivity.
He's eating burgers
on the prison Instagram
- while you're starving to death.
- No.
But your brand is skinny.
You can't change course now!
So you decide to end it.
Bang! Bullet in the head!
- I wouldn't do that.
- But you miss.
You only get the part of the brain
that regulates farts.
- No.
- Now you're a new meme.
"farting guy." Is that what you want?
To be "farting guy"?
- No. No.
- Come on. tell me. farting guy!
- You love it!
- No. No!
- Tell me! You love it!
- Stop it!
It was all Cane's plan!
It wasn't my plan!
What was?
He wanted to blast a frequency
that would infect people's brains
and turn them into savages.
- And where was he gonna do that?
- At the WWFC fight.
Downtown. midnight.
Where was he gonna put the device?
In the New Year's balls.
The balls.
Hey... where you going?
I want a lawyer. okay?
I'm sorry that we framed you!
I'm sorry!
- Did you get all that?
- Every word.
We don't have much time.
It's only 90 minutes till New Year's.
What? What is happening?
How is getting
a confession like this legal?
Sometimes to get the job done.
you have to break the law.
I do it all the time.
Huh.
- Did we get all that?
- We got it.
Huh?
Internal Affairs.
You're under arrest for the illegal
detainment of Sig Gustafson.
- No!
- Ah! So you set me up.
Impressive.
Uh. just one thing.
how were you able to build
these sets so quickly?
I just told some city contractors
that I'd pull their licenses
if they didn't help us.
- Did you get all that?
- Loud and clear.
Hector Gutierrez. Department
of Occupational Safety and Health.
Officer Barnes. you are under arrest.
What are you doing?
Five minutes down.
There is the horn
signifying the end of round one.
This crowd
is not happy. Jon.
All right. very exciting stuff.
but we are now thrilled
to be joined in the broadcast booth
by one of the most vicious
bare-knuckle brawlers
from the first season of WWFC.
Dan "The Bloody Widowmaker" Daly.
Welcome. Dan.
It's weird. I. uh...
I left my wife at home
and she was wearing makeup.
Said she didn't have any plans.
What do you think that's about?
- I don't know.
- Me. neither.
And of course.
none of this would be possible
without tonight's sponsor.
EdenTech's Richard Cane.
The boys in the lab loaned me
these special earplugs.
They block digital frequency.
So if that bomb does go off.
we're protected.
Nice work.
Now. where's Cane?
Cane is in the sky box.
- And what about backup?
- There is no backup.
- What?
- You're wanted for murder.
- But Gustafson confessed.
- We coerced him.
Haven't you ever heard
of the Miranda rights?
What? I'm pretty sure
it's Carrie that writes.
Miranda is a lawyer.
Charlotte's an art dealer.
And Samantha's a whore.
What? What is it?
I've been trying
to call Beth for hours.
She's not picking up.
I just hope she's okay.
Live...
from scary downtown Los Angeles.
this is the main event of the evening!
Hmm.
Yeah.
- Sir?
- Yes?
Oh! Please.
Can I help you?
Remember me?
Well. hello. Miss Cherry Roosevelt
Fat Bozo Chowing Spaghetti.
I. uh.
- love your new look.
- Thank you.
Please. Join me.
Ladies and gentlemen!
It's...
time!
Check. check.
I'm on my way to the balls.
Okay. Frank. comms working.
I'm in position. We have 25 minutes.
Hey. one beer. please.
We're closed.
Man. come on.
One beer's not gonna kill you.
One beer.
Get lost.
- How much?
- It's free.
Just get the hell out of here.
Ed.
- do you hear me?
- I can hear you. Frank.
Uh-oh. I think one of Cane's goons
- is up there.
- Come in. Ed.
- Frank. can you hear me?
- Check. check.
Somebody's up there. Frank!
A guy is up there. Frank!
Oh. God!
- What's that. Ed?
- Oh.
Uh. never mind.
Gentlemen. we've been
over the rules in the back.
I expect you to fight clean.
fight hard. fight fair.
All right. the tension
in this arena is palpable.
The moment of truth is here. folks.
Straight to voicemail.
I'll bet she's with Gary.
Let me use your phone.
She won't know your number.
You ready? Let's get it on!
Yeah! Let's go!
Oh!
God. I love this.
Come on!
Wunderbar!
Read any good books lately.
Miss "Spaghetti"?
Or should I say. Miss Davenport?
I especially like the part
where the erudite housewife
transforms herself into
a would-be assassin seeking revenge.
hiding a...
...gun...
in her garter belt.
And another...
...in the small of her back.
And a...
shotgun...
...in her beautiful...
brunette wig.
Tie her up.
Okay. Ed... I'm at the balls.
I'm gonna look for the device.
Nice work. Frank.
Hey. you got free beer?
No. there's not free--
Oh. boy.
It's got to be in here somewhere.
Ed. come in.
Go on. take it and go.
Uh. Frank. can you hear me?
Coker lands
a brutal knee to the chest!
I think I see it. Ed.
All right. it looks as though
we're having
some technical difficulties
with the New Year's Eve ball.
I can't quite reach.
Uh.
Look at this!
The pants are off!
What the hell is going on?
All right.
I believe the TV networks
have blurred what's happening here.
So for those of you back home.
I will try to paint a picture.
The legs themselves
are pale and white.
sprinkled with cinnamon soft hair.
Now turning our gaze to the middle.
where we find something
quite magnificent.
The main event. if you will.
A grand bratwurst.
fit for the Imperial Court
of the Kaiser himself.
Or maybe a loaf of unbaked bread
wearing an afro wig.
I got it. I got it. Ed.
Okay.
I'm gonna get out.
Drebin.
All right. get security
down there now!
Nothing to see here. folks!
Police business. Please. carry on.
All right. buddy. time to go.
Now listen to me good.
My name is Frank Drebin.
From Police Squad.
Drebin!
This event is now over.
Everyone vacate
the premises immediately.
Now!
Okay. playtime's over.
Give me the mic.
- Don't take another step. buddy!
- That's it.
Oh!
Buffer goes down!
You like watching a real man kick ass?
Oh!
Frank.
get the hell out of there!
You've got company!
All right. Goodbye. everyone. Uh...
Have a good night.
All right. you. you. come with me.
Tell everybody to put in
their frequency plugs.
And her. too.
We don't want her
going crazy in here. do we?
What do you see. Frank?
The device has some lights on it.
Various holes. Weighs about...
two-and-a-half chili dogs.
It's got some sort of timer on it
synced up to midnight.
Hello. Detective.
Easy now. Let's have it.
Stop right there.
- Don't do it.
- Make one more move.
and I'll blow its freaking
computer brains all over this floor!
Think about it. Drebin.
Everything I'm doing
is for guys like us.
- Guys like us?
- Yes.
Powerful. righteous men.
who actually give a damn.
Come on. Frank.
you said it yourself.
"The world was better before."
What have you done?
Whoa! Ah!
Ahh.
Get out! Shh! Quiet!
"Four wheels move the body.
two wheels move the soul."
- All right.
- It's a famous quote I got from...
Quotes.com.
- Hey. boss!
- Yeah.
What do you want me to do with her?
Leave her here.
She'll be dead by morning.
You fellas know how to ride. right?
Let's do it! Yeah!
Hold on.
- Whoa! Whoopsie.
- Go. go. go. No!
Look at this!
Ahh!
Stay back! I don't want to hurt you.
To the bunker. gentlemen!
Hold. hold. hold. hold. hold up!
Check it out
I'm the F to the E-R-G
The I. the E
Whoa!
And can't no other lady
Put it down like me
I'm fergalicious
Come on. Come on. Come on.
Daddy?
Help me. Daddy. What do we do?
Come on! Weird AI's waiting!
Whoo-hoo! Just like old times.
Come on!
Let me get this guy first.
Got him! Okay. this guy on the right.
Ew.
Come on. Daddy.
enough playing around.
Oh. thanks.
That's him! A little lower.
Okay. here.
You've got a clear shot.
Take it!
Ahh!
Whoa! That was so much!
You still got it. Daddy.
Thank you. Daddy!
You see what you've done. Cane?
It's not too late
to stop this madness!
This isn't madness. Drebin.
This is progress!
Progress?
The needs of the few should never
outweigh the needs of the many.
There was a time when you knew that.
So it's come to this.
The culmination of our journey.
All this... this stuff
that's taken place
between you and me!
- This. uh...
- Thanks. Dave. I got it from here.
I'm so sorry.
I messed up the lines a little bit.
- No problem. You did great.
- Yeah.
- See you Sunday?
- See you Sunday.
Okay. Cane!
Please. no! Get off me!
Stop! I'm not even in this movie!
Somebody!
Anyway. look at us!
Isn't this beautiful?
Exactly as nature intended.
Two great Kodiak bears.
facing one another
in an epic battle for dominance.
If it's a fight you want... very well.
Oh! Ow!
You hit my belly!
You hit the soft part of my belly!
What the hell?
Have you ever actually been
in a fight before?
Uh. yeah! I have.
Oh. my God. I think I'm gonna barf.
Is that normal?
Do you want to keep fighting?
What? No!
My tummy still hurts a lot!
Well. in that case...
...I'm gonna arrest you.
You can't arrest me.
You still didn't catch me.
There's nowhere to run!
I won't be running.
I'll be flying.
Richard Cane...
...you're under arrest.
He won't be hurting anyone anymore.
It's over.
Not for me. it isn't.
No. Please.
Think about this. Beth.
Killing him won't fix anything.
Why should I let him live?
It won't bring Simon back.
You don't know that for sure.
You're right. Anything is possible.
But you have to let
the justice system do its job.
That's rich. coming from you.
The truth is. Beth.
once you kill a man for revenge.
there's no going back.
It stays with you forever.
following you like a shadow.
A voice in your head
saying over and over.
"Man. that was awesome!"
So. put the gun down.
If not for me. then for us.
For our future together.
I love you. Beth.
Don't throw it all away
for a few seconds of...
the best feeling
you would ever have in your life.
Go ahead.
Do it.
Who can say
Where the road goes?
- I love you.
Only time
Ronald. wake up!
You got the promotion!
Oh!
Bring it in.
As your heart chose?
Only time
Not bad for a stubborn old fool.
I guess old men
really are the toughest.
smartest. most capable.
sexiest beings on the planet.
Oh. Frank.
you've made me a very happy woman.
Me. too.
Only time
And who can say
Why your heart cries
When your love lies?
Only time
As a result
of Lieutenant Frank Drebin's
heroic work on New Year's Eve.
I am happy to announce
that Police Squad is back
with a renewed commitment
to accountability and justice.
And in that spirit. we will not ignore
Lieutenant Drebin's
questionable actions
on the days leading up to the event.
And right now. Frank Drebin
is being subject to a rigorous
and thorough internal investigation.
Thank you.
Baby wants to rock
Oh!
Well. Beth. here's to us.
To us.
- What is happening?
- What?
This is strange.
Come on.
Taylor?
Are you all right?
What's happening. Frank?
I'm scared.
Okay. honey.
We'll get to the bottom of this.
Oh. God.
Wake up. you piece of shit!
Keep it together.
Wait a second. What is this?
- Do you hear that music?
- Yeah.
Who the heck are you people?
Have you been watching us
this whole time?
You've seen me in shorts?
Step back. honey. please.
Ow!
Yo! Cops!
Whoa!
This goes out
to a very special lady.
Beth
You are the love of my life
I want to make you my wife
Sweet Beth
You opened my heart up
To loving again...
You did that.
You know what. I've never really been
in a professional
recording studio before.
What does this do?
Oh.
that... that's nice.
That's got a good sound to it. huh?
No. no. no.
I don't need to touch it. That's fine.
Beth
Oh
Top-shelf curves
And brains to boot
And boots that would top
my brain's Top Ten list...
Aboot boots...
And the curvy brains
That bought them
Also breasts
My sweet Beth
When I first saw you in my office
I kept thinking about your body
'Cause I didn't yet know
Your mind
I don't mind
My sweet Beth
It is just fun to play those things.
Do you mind if I...
I pick up this guitar?
I always wished I knew how to do it.
Hey!
Ah. here we go.
You know. it's surprisingly easy.
Ow! It kind of
hurts your fingertips.
No one tells you about that part.
My sweet Beth
Thank you. Beth.
for opening up my heart...
to love again.
I just had
to get one more.
Everyone.
put your hands together
for the world's
last living entertainer.
"Weird AI" Yankovic!
How's everybody doing tonight?
Hello?
Anybody here?
Cane?
Evil billionaires?
Crab-hands guy?
Oh. what the heck?